Hi all!



Thank you for applying to work with me in SPAR! You’re receiving this email because I was really impressed by your application. I’d like to invite you to complete the final parts of my application process, which are a coding task and a 15-minute interview.



For context, this email is going to 15 people out of 90 applicants, and it was an extremely impressive applicant pool, so well done already! Ultimately, I will likely make a ranked shortlist of 10-12 applicants and actually mentor 4-5 people. The shortlist is longer than that because some accepted applicants may not take the offer to join this project.



Please pick a slot from my Calendly for the interview, or let me know if none of these times work for you. 

Note: Please pick slots on Tuesday, Aug 26th if you can, and if possible, select a slot that is back-to-back with an already-selected 15-minute slot so that I can do these interviews consecutively.



Also, please complete the following take-home task and reply to this email with a link to a GitHub repo by end-of-day Fri, Aug 29th anywhere on earth. The repo should include your code and a README describing what you did and your results.

Task: Use a Runpod GPU to finetune a huggingface transformer language model of your choice on a dataset of your choice, then evaluate the effect of the finetuning by running some of the same prompts on the pre- and post-finetuning models.

In your README, it would be nice to see one or more plots (including train loss) and a few examples of how the model’s responses change due to training, and ideally you would be demonstrating that the finetuning successfully achieved some simple desired behavior change. However, I also don’t want you to spend too much time or money on this task, so it’s fine if you do not check all these boxes.

This will likely require you to spend a few dollars on Runpod. Sorry about that, I am not planning to reimburse this. Let me know if this is a problem and I can try to help. (Please don’t spend more than $10; ideally you would spend significantly less than that.)

Feel free to create/use a very small train dataset to save money and increase iteration speed. This may mean you don’t get good generalization, but train loss should be going down.

You may use any resources you want, including LLMs, the internet, and asking people for help. (Just don’t ask anyone else to do the task for you.)

I’m hoping this task takes <2.5 hours (including the writeup), but it likely depends on your prior experience with the relevant tools. I encourage you to stop coding after ~2 hours or as soon as you have achieved the bare minimum described above and focus on the writeup after that.

Please make the writeup both concise and clear. I would like to spend <=5 minutes reading each submission.

Make sure I can access the GitHub repo. Either make it public, or share it with me: https://github.com/RohanSubramani.

If I do not hear from you by the deadline stated above, I will assume you are no longer interested or that you didn’t have time to complete this task. (I may follow-up in the middle, because last time I sent a similar email to my SPAR applicants it went to spam for some of them.)



Let me know if you have any questions!

Best,

Rohan